README.md, before:


# Change Maker

Change Maker will take any given any amount of cents and
the code will return an array with the minimum amount of
coins that add up to the required amount. The array
should be arranged from highest to lowest value coin.

## Requirements

This application was developed using Ruby 2.1.1p76

## Installation

To run the application, download the repo and use the following command:

`rake make_change`

### Testing

To run rspec tests:

`rake spec`

### License

>The MIT License (MIT)
>
>Copyright (c) [2014] [Contact@ShawnKlein.net]
>
>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
>of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
>in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
>to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
>copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
>furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>
>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
>all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>
>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
>IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
>FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
>AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
>LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
>OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
>THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

fix bug causing limited size array for coin return

README.md, after:


# Change Maker

Change Maker will take any given any amount of cents and
the code will return an array with the minimum amount of
coins that add up to the required amount. The array
should be arranged from highest to lowest value coin.

## Requirements

This application was developed using Ruby 2.1.1p76

## Installation

To run the application, download the repo and use the following command:

`rake make_change`

The application will prompt you for the amount you would like to
break and the types of currencies you would like in return.

### Testing

To run rspec tests:

`rake spec`

### License

>The MIT License (MIT)
>
>Copyright (c) [2014] [Contact@ShawnKlein.net]
>
>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
>of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
>in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
>to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
>copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
>furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>
>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
>all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>
>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
>IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
>FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
>AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
>LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
>OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
>THE SOFTWARE.
